
this is the model definition for the entire simulation of the galaxy
including the users. this will not have to do with how users interact,
but strickly just the definition of the data (the models). there will
be some implied interactions between objects but the actual simulation,
which will include how updates and such are performed and broadcasted,
will occur in another project.



there are a few things that need to be considered before starting
* the basic idea here is we're going to make every solar system
a single document within mongo. the document will be *required to be
updated at least once a second* during normal operations of simulation.
but that implies we need to design the data to be none essential if
locked by mongo.
* during the first iteration of this, i defined the orbitals within a
galaxy to have an "absolute" vector location from the center of the galaxy, 
this will not be in orbials anymore because of the problems that caused.
much of the problems came with resolution of doubles, meaning that if
we wanted it to be exact enough, we would have to use software level
integers instead of hardware floats. 
* there are multiple types of systems. but the one that users interact 
with will be the largest. some other types of system are for orbiting
center of masses. for instance, a cluster of systems orbit around a
common center of mass, that center of mass will be described as a type
of system at the simulation level.
* planets and moons are the only thing that can be inhabited by life 
besides space stations and ships. the advantage to inhabiting a planet is 
how much cheaper it is to live and produce things on a planet verses 
a ship. building factories and cost of living is much lower on planets
and moons. that means its much easier to expand if you can find a planet
of some sort to build on.
* note also that the type needs to be specified within the system. this
means that the key "type" within a system document will be one of a few
hardcoded values (or enums). so far the types are:
** user
** cluster
